# Community Infra 3

## Attendees
- @punkmonk
- @benhylau
- @glyph

## Agenda
- Go thru some of the tomesh stuff and see if there is generic stuff we can pull
- Simple "pub operator survey"
- Scope what is a "pub" we may wish to run

## minutes

- @punkmonk: wants to comb through tomesh stuff to see what can be extracted
- @glyph: conducting pub specs survey to see how folx are running their setups, can we outline some of those questions?
- @benhylau: scope what an MVP pub looks like. could be public ssb-server or does it have a UI? always wanted a calendar apps apart from google cal. wants to subscribe to an event and have it propogate to a calendar app. mentions %0x19tGOdKVbN6xHtE/kFT403Ur1yxiE/sSPWipwohpk=.sha256 discussion with soapdog
- @glyph: peachcloud has most of the things @ben talked about: ssb-server, public IP, create invites, display invite on website, admin UI, status, ssb-viewer, etc. (not calendar caldav yet of course)
- @ben: when starting a pub, how are initial peers added? i would want a list of reliable peers.
- @glyph: chose to only follow pubs of friends
- @ben: cjdns solved this early on with an IRC channel where local peers could be found
- @punkmonk: doesn't mind to keep a people-based way of discovering peers
- @glyph: peachcloud microservices mostly done, need testing, currently done thru cli, each microservice runs a json rpc server
  - need web UI mockups
  - need debian packaging
- @ben: can this initiative help with peach-cloud packaging. tomesh is looking to bundle scripts as debian packages, initially published to github releases and then installed locally
- @ben: about debian packaging:
  - this is darkdrgn's current packaging of mesh stuff https://github.com/darkdrgn2k/packages
  - this is benhylau's using travis + debian tools to package cjdns and yggdrasil for amd64 and armhf https://github.com/benhylau/mesh-router-builder/blob/master/src/debian-packages/Makefile#L11-L17 (see travis file and github releases in repo)
  - this is yggdrasil's circleci build + packaging process https://yggdrasil-network.github.io/builds.html and https://github.com/yggdrasil-network/yggdrasil-go/blob/master/contrib/deb/generate.sh
- @glyph: asked what a good format for a survey would be.
- @ben: recommended github issues with an issue template
- @glyph: mentioned it would be nice having easy setup for tor
  - link from rabble: %diEIctW0FhNJbrobH7g8N4NfLPxKBoKPubfNBZq2e1g=.sha256
  - https://www.scuttlebutt.nz/faq/misc/tor
- @glyph: what are next steps?
- @ben/glyph: looking to coordinate on packaging
- @ben: https://github.com/ournetworks/2019-submissions

## next steps
- GH Issue on PeachCloud to track packaging
- GH Issue on a new repo for survey questions - @glyph
- migrate minutes to GH

## survey

**System Specs**

What operating are you running on your pub server?
What is the CPU?
How much memory does it have?
How much disk space is there?
Is the server cloud-based or local?

**Processes**

How do you run & manage Node and the ssb-server process? (shell scripts, process manager etc.)

**Uptime**

How reliable is your pub?

**Other**

What other ssb-plugins are you running? (git-ssb, ssb-npm etc.) [can help find services amongst other operators]
