# CILG: 7

## Attendees
- austin (@punkmonk)
- glyph
- yurko
- @zelf 
- davidrusu
- @hurricos
- greg

## Agenda
- create initial project skeletons for the following
  - bash script one-liner (one script to rule them all)
  - script documentation
  - walkthrough tutorials/guides
    - are there other related tutorials that would be beneficials
      - server setup of multiple providers etc. which ones?
      - rpi?
      - linux install?
  - website 
- Survey Results
  - [WIP doc](https://hackmd.io/v4Q66uSBSHeyteYvHA0ojQ)
- skill sharing/partnering exercise

      
## Minutes
- martin - working on wireless hardware
- david - looking at mesh networks, looking to bootstrap networks using 2nd hand hardware
- yurko - tomesh crew hacking on hardware and software
- zelf - engaging with ssb for awhile, p2p projects and mesh networks, grant writing, european consortium for ssb, organizing p2p meetup in basel
- glyph -  peachcloud sbc for running ssb in local/commuinty network, working on scuttlecamp, grow connections
- greg - background in infrastructure, looking to start local mesh
- austin: talking through the various aspects of the roadmap. start with a one-liner that is composed of well-documented steps. get docs to a place where folx can understand what is happening and why (variable levels). have some tutorials that can walk through the bash-scripts. 
- martin: how should we present this information?
- yurko: github handles content, travis can push to website
- austin: let's dive-in to the first step (bash one-liner). i'm not great at bash, so i'm not too sure how to do this. maybe think it through for a cloud-based server. could be a way for us to sketch out the process by asking questions and the answers could lead us in a good direction.
- yurko: we've been working on this for toronto mesh. the question about distro is key. debian seems like the one to go for: there's a debian distro for many hardware types. dependencies can create an additional level of complexity. the existing toronto mesh one-liner has 
- zelf - internatianal congress of permaculture, who are we addressing? can we use this group as a test/target audience.
- yurko - offline netowrks are hard
- martin - should we be considering configuration options as part of this? an opinionated script does not allow for configurability. how do we address this when not all groups have the same access.
- glyph - part of the conversation has been to use the bash script as a seed/core with the idea of future development. first step towards running this one service, ssb pub, with the idea that we can build this out later. +1 for debian, start with two options. rpi and cloud server, branch out from there. mesh for permaculture community is excited but maybe a few levels beyond what we can do right now.
- yurko - looking at moving towards a debian package model because it's offline friendly. this script could absorb the ssb script and debianize it. 
- austin: let's talk about some of the accompanying guides. i've got a couple things listed in the cryptpad doc. are there any other tutorials that would come in handy? do we need to talk more about guides we'd like to present
- glyph - look for a collection of exemplary tutorials that have been beneficial for us to use as examples. videos for blogs vs ?
- zelf - would love to help with docs, would be a great way to learn as well and provide guidance/feedback on what others have written
- greg: i'd also like to help reading / reviewing docs, maybe we (zelf & me) can team up.
- austin: should the script be documented?
- martin: i think it should be documented in the script. very important to be able to access what to and not to do. you want to get an immediate sense of what you've done right or wrong. i'd suggest the script should be hosted in the same repository as the website / documentation. develop script and docs in tandem.
- austin: anything more to add about the script, script docs or guides? no.
- zelf - spreadsheeet on expertise and folxz can put an x by their name about what the are experts, novice, uninterested. 
- martin - agrees about spreadsheet. 
- martin - looking for CI/CD suggestions for putting a website together as soon as possible to get something out there.
- glyph - are you keen to work on website
- martin - would love to get it going, but also interested in guides

## Actions
- Fill out the Subject Matter Experts section with details of what you can offer, what you're looking to learn, what you know etc.

## Additional Proposals
- It's time to move to an org on github.
  - do we have a better name yet?
- managing a backlog

## Cool Links
- https://kumu.io/DigLife/decentralized-tech
-https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tomeshnet/prototype-cjdns-pi/master/scripts/install
- https://github.com/tomeshnet/prototype-cjdns-pi/blob/develop/README.md#hardware-table 
https://github.com/tomeshnet/prototype-cjdns-pi/tree/develop/scripts/ssb 
## Notes
@benhylau commented on ssb
```
Looking at the roadmap, I would like to suggest we come up with an outline (e.g. Getting Started page, Survey Summary page) and maybe a list of “Blog-style” Guide topics, like “Setting up a SSB Pub on Digital Ocean”.

For myself, I can help with:

Following first draft of guides to set up my own pub and give feedback, as I have never set one up before
Peer with someone to help them get a bunch of markdown into a jekyll documentational website, configure Travis CI to build it, etc.
```

# Subject Matter Experts (Who can do What?)

### @zelf 
- graphic design
- reading documentation to if it's understandable for n00bz (meme-
-  want to learn-
- Good at making workshops
- will have three months to work on this

## @hurricos 
- Testing and bugfixes on bash scripts (my job involves mostly bash / ksh / perl)
- Testing script on different platforms
- Git-based work developing script
- @glyph: Can you show me a script using Jekyll will build and populate `/var/lib/www` from a set of markdown files?
- Bringing primitive website up asap -- or just hosting a subsection of these pieces of documentation up externally until we have a specific place to host? 

## @yurko




## austin
- Good at:
  - docs
  - tutorials/guides
- less/not good at but interested
  - bash scripting
  - working on the website
  
## @glyph
- good at / enjoy
  - proof-reading and editing of documentation
- want to get better at
  - community gardening: guiding discussion, listening, organising work, helping others to be involved
  - networking: primarily around hardware, routing and configuration
